Add odML templates support (#328)
G-Node/python-odml: docs/data_model.md

# The odML data model

> Data exchange requires that also annotations, metadata, are

Reviewer: This sentence isn't proper English (I know it's from before).  The 'also' doesn't work that way.

I guess what we're trying to say is
```suggestion
Data exchange requires that annotations as well as metadata are
```

Reviewer: Or perhaps
```suggestion
Data exchange requires that annotations in addition to metadata are
```

> shared. In oder to allow interoperability both a common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shared. In order to allow interoperability both a common
```
